Add contributing and hiring mention in main README (#3178)
SonarSource/sonar-dotnet: README.md

## How to contribute

> There are many ways you can contribute to the `sonar-dotnet` project, some very easy and others more involved.

Reviewer: I know this is from the original text, but the sentence: `, some very easy and others more involved.` feels a bit weird to me. Could we get someone to double-check it as we're changing it anyways ?

Author: I'll just drop it. 😄 keep it simple

When contributing, please respect our [Code of Conduct](./CODE_OF_CONDUCT.md).

### Join the discussions

> One of the easiest ways to contribute is to participate in discussions on this [GitHub project](https://github.com/SonarSource/sonar-dotnet/issues)

Reviewer: Is it really a discussion on the `issues` page ?

Author: I rephrased it. still not fully satisfied about it

and on our [Community Forum](https://community.sonarsource.com/).

### Pull Request (PR)

> If you want to fix an issue from [the backlog](https://github.com/SonarSource/sonar-dotnet/issues),

Reviewer: Not sure, but seeing how github is using the term `issues` already, we could maybe drop the `from [the backlog]` part and link the issues page with the `issue` keyword

> read [Get started](#get-started) and please make sure that you follow [our coding style](./docs/coding-style.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
please read the [Get started](#get-started) page first and make sure that you follow [our coding style](./docs/coding-style.md).
```

> please read the [Get started](#get-started) pages first and please sure that you follow [our coding style](./docs/coding-style.md).

Reviewer: ```suggestion
please read the [Get started](#get-started) pages first and make sure that you follow [our coding style](./docs/coding-style.md).

```

Before submitting the PR, make sure [all tests](./docs/contributing-analyzer.md#running-tests) are passing (all checks must be green).

> * We suggest you do not pick issues that have the `Area: CFG` label

Reviewer: ```suggestion
* We suggest you do not pick issues with the `Area: CFG` label
```

_(they are difficult, can have many side effects and are less likely to be accepted)_.
* We suggest you do not implement new rules unless they are already specified for C# and/or VB.NET on
our [rules repository](https://jira.sonarsource.com/projects/RSPEC).

Note: our CI runs only on PRs opened by sonarsourcers.
After your PR is ready, we will cherry-pick your commits and open a PR to run the CI (keeping the attribution).

### Join us

If you would like to work on this project full-time, [we are hiring!](https://www.sonarsource.com/company/jobs/static-code-analyzer-cs-developer)

> ## Custom Rules

Reviewer: Is it a wanted change that the `Custom Rules` section is now at a higher level than the other subsections from the original `contributing` file ?

Author: yes, I though it would be clearer like this that "Custom Rules" is outside "contributing", I will rephrase some bits inside to make it even more clear

If you have an idea for a rule but you are not sure that everyone needs it, you can implement your own Roslyn analyzer.

> - All Roslyn issues from the build are picked up by the [Scanner for MSBuild](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner-for-msbuild/)

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- All Roslyn-based issues are picked up by the [Scanner for MSBuild](https://docs.sonarqube.org/latest/analysis/scan/sonarscanner-for-msbuild/)
```

and pushed to SonarQube / SonarCloud as external issues.
- Also check out the [SonarQube Roslyn SDK](https://github.com/SonarSource-VisualStudio/sonarqube-roslyn-sdk) to embed

> your Roslyn analyzer in SonarQube plugin, if you want to manage your rules from SonarQube.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- Also check out [SonarQube Roslyn SDK](https://github.com/SonarSource-VisualStudio/sonarqube-roslyn-sdk) to embed
your Roslyn analyzer in a SonarQube plugin, if you want to manage your rules from SonarQube.
```

## Custom Rules

> To request new rules, please [contact us on our Community Forum](https://community.sonarsource.com/c/suggestions/).

Reviewer: _last nitpick_ on line 41 we now have `Contact us on [our Community Forum]` (only `our community forum` is hyperlink), while here we have the whole text as link `[contact us on our Community Forum]`
